Adds Create, Delete, Retention (#2020)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cloud/tcld/namespace/retention/get.md

---
id: get
title: tcld namespace retention get
sidebar_label: get
description: How to retrieve the length of time a closed Workflows will be preserved before deletion for a Namespace in Temporal Cloud using tcld.
tags:
  - tcld
---

> #### `get`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Retrieve the length of time (in days) a closed Workflow will be preserved before deletion for the specified Namespace.

Alias: `g`

The following modifier controls the behavior of the command.

#### `--namespace`

_Required modifier_

> Specify the Namespace hosted on Temporal Cloud to be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify a Namespace hosted on Temporal Cloud.
If not specified, the value of the environment variable $TEMPORAL_CLOUD_NAMESPACE is used.
```
